hey what's up guys this is chase from
the warehouse and today we're gonna be
taking a quick look at the bauer supreme
one point seven hockey stick like the
rest of the supreme line this is gonna
feature double concave sidewalls of
rounded corners there's double concavity
is going to let your fingers and palm
really sit into it giving you a firm
solid hold then the shaft is constructed
of their premium carbon composite this
is gonna feature less fiberglass than
what we would see in the one-point-six
which in turn makes this an overall more
lightweight and more responsive stick so
for the first time in the supreme line
we're gonna see either tax spiral and
the grip tack textures the tax spiral is
going to be these raised edges that we
see throughout the stick this is gonna
let your finger sit into and naturally
and comfortably giving you a good hold
on it and then on top of that they use
their grip tack which is the rubberized
grip that gives you a really firm and
solid hold on it now as we move further
down they use their mid kick technology
which basically moves the kid point two
about this barrel logo this is gonna let
allow you to load a lot of energy and a
lot of power into your shot this is
gonna be ideal for those players who
take a lot of slap shots or a lot of big
one timers now as we move further into
the blade Bauer uses its pure shot blade
profile this is basically added material
from the connection from the shaft of
the blade which helps keep your blade
from rotating when you're taking a shot
this helps your accuracy as well as adds
a little durability to inside of the
blade they use their era foam to blade
core which is going to be stiffer and
lighter than what we would see in the
lowers in sticks and it also gives it a
more consistent puck feel Hilo toe on
top of that they use their 3k carbon
weave which is the texture that we see
here this adds to the lightweight feel
of the blade which in turn helps balance
out the stick as well as making it a
little more rigid helping the
responsiveness going in the overall look
and feel this stick it's definitely
gonna be a little more lightweight a
little more balanced in the one six this
is due to them using a little less
fiberglass in the shaft which makes it a
little more responsive than the ones
so overall it's a nice lightweight feel
to it it's gonna be pretty durable and
solid as well the color scheme is pretty
cool too
a big fan of red so this all really ties
together really well and then on top of
that that the grip tech and the tech
spiral really adds a nice firm solid
grip so I think they did a good job
coming out with this so once again that
was just a quick look at the bauer
supreme one point seven hockey-stick
available here now in line in I square
house comm